==Uno Mas - Recreating the game Uno

Uno Mas was an attempt at recreating the classic card game Uno in digital form with a computer opponent fully designed with logic. The final form is intended to be fully playable, styled, and with the inclusion of multiple players/computer opponents.

I chose to use a database for all card details, which worked really well for a single game once I worked out the details. While it's nowhere near the most graceful way to handle it, it was a good experience for me to see how to put something like this into implementation. One challenge I recognize on a larger scale would be responsiveness; database queries and changes can range from as little as 5 times per action to potentially much more. 

I think what I enjoyed most about this project was determining the logic for the computer opponent. I found that it was much easier to present all the options for a player to be able to choose for their turn, it's much more challenging to create the logic for a computer to decide with all of those options. I found the selection process a little tricky for wild card color choices, specifically how to implement it in the project's current state. I ended up taking the route of navigating to a new page for the player to choose the option, but would prefer down the road to be able to have a pop-up dialog box instead of leaving the page.

Installation Instructions:
* Clone the respository to your desktop
* Run 'bundle install' to install gems
* Run 'rake db:setup' to create the card database
* Naviagate in your broswer to 'localhost:3000' to access the main page

Still needs to be completed:
* Adding additional players/computer opponents to a game
* Responsiveness to end-of-game state as well as a single card remaining
* Styling and bug fixes
